# Enhanced Load Balancer<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0118840332"></a>

-   Protocol compliance

    Classic load balancers support the following protocols: TCP, UDP, HTTP, and HTTPS.


-   Health check

    The health check is to monitor the running state of backend ECSs so that load balancer sends requests only to the ECSs that are running properly. After a faulty ECS is restored, the load balancer will send requests to this ECS again. The health check protocols include TCP, UDP, and HTTP.

-   Sticky session
    -   **Source IP address**: The source IP address of the request is used as the hash key to identify an ECS in the static fragment table.
    -   **HTTP cookie**: The load balancer generates a cookie after it receives a request from a client. All the subsequent requests with the cookie are distributed to the same backend server for processing.
    -   **App cookie**: This type of sticky session relies on backend applications. All requests with the cookie generated by backend applications are distributed to the same backend ECS.
-   Load balancing algorithm
    -   **Weighted round robin**: Connection requests are forwarded to backend ECSs in sequence, and ECSs with higher weights receive more requests. If two ECSs have the same weight, they will process the same number of connections.
    -   **Weighted least connections**: In addition to the weight assigned to each backend ECS, the number of connections processed by each ECS is also considered. Connection requests are forwarded to the ECS with the lowest ratio of connections to weight.
    -   **Source IP hash**: The source IP address of the request is used as the hash key to identify an ECS in the static fragment table.
-   Domain name or URL matching

    For Layer-7 load balancing \(only HTTP is supported for now\), requests can be forwarded to different backend ECS groups based on the domain name and URL

-   Access control

    A whitelist can be added to allow specified IP addresses to access the load balancers.

-   SSL offloading

    ELB allows you to manage SSL certificates if you use HTTPS for frontend connections. You do not need to upload the certificates to backend ECSs. The load balancer handles the SSL termination, relieving ECSs of the processing burden of encrypting and/or decrypting traffic sent via SSL.


